- [Instructor] Isn't it frustrating
when you can't change a setting
or access a tool you need to do your job?
In this lesson,
I'll show you how to manage the permissions
of your team members
so that everyone has the access they need
to do their jobs effectively.
When managing a team,
you need to decide what access your team members should have
and you can make sure your team has the appropriate access
by using the Manage Team Settings feature.
To manage the settings for my team,
I'll select More Options then select Manage Team.
I can now access the Settings tab.
Here, I can manage multiple settings for my team.
For now, I'm just going to focus on Member Permissions.
To control the team's workflow, I only want owners
to be able to change the channels in our team.
So in Member Permissions,
I'll deselect Allow Members to Create and Update Channels
and also deselect
Allow Members to Delete and Restore Channels.
I'll make sure guests have the same access.
Now you know how to adjust the settings
to make Teams work in a way that's perfect for your group.
Take your time making sure your team members and guests
have the access they need and you can feel confident
about protecting the teams you own.